PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlScriptQuery  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: The running command stopped because the preference variable 
"ErrorActionPreference" or common parameter is set to Stop: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlProtocol  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality with 
error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to obtain a SQL Server instance with name 
'MSSQLSERVER' on server 'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. Ensure the SQL Server instance exists on the server and 
that the 'SQLServer' module references a version of the 'Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Smo.Wmi' 
library that supports the version of the SQL Server instance. (SQLCOMMON0070) 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlDatabase  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality with 
error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlInternalConnectionTds..ctor(DbConnectionPoolIdentity identity, 
SqlConnectionString connectionOptions, SqlCredential credential, Object providerInfo, String 
newPassword, SecureString newSecurePassword, Boolean redirectedUserInstance, SqlConnectionString 
userConnectionOptions, SessionData reconnectSessionData, DbConnectionPool pool, String 
accessToken, Boolean applyTransientFaultHandling, SqlAuthenticationProviderManager 
sqlAuthProviderManager)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnectionFactory.CreateConnection(DbConnectionOptions options, 
DbConnectionPoolKey poolKey, Object poolGroupProviderInfo, DbConnectionPool pool, DbConnection 
owningConnection, DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.CreatePooledConnection(DbConnectionPool pool, 
DbConnection owningObject, DbConnectionOptions options, DbConnectionPoolKey poolKey, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.CreateObject(DbConnection owningObject, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.UserCreateRequest(DbConnection owningObject, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlDatabase  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality with 
error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlDatabase  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality with 
error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlDatabase  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality with 
error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
PowerShell DSC resource DSC_SqlConfiguration  failed to execute Test-TargetResource functionality 
with error message: System.InvalidOperationException: Failed to connect to SQL instance 
'WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL'. (SQLCOMMON0019) ---> System.Management.Automation.MethodInvocationException: 
Exception calling "Connect" with "0" argument(s): "Failed to connect to server WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL." 
---> Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionFailureException: Failed to connect to server 
WIN-5DKRCBK8UPL. ---> System.Data.SqlClient.SqlException: A network-related or instance-specific 
error occurred while establishing a connection to SQL Server. The server was not found or was not 
accessible. Verify that the instance name is correct and that SQL Server is configured to allow 
remote connections. (provider: Named Pipes Provider, error: 40 - Could not open a connection to 
SQL Server) ---> System.ComponentModel.Win32Exception: The system cannot find the file specified
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, UInt32 
waitForMultipleObjectsTimeout, Boolean allowCreate, Boolean onlyOneCheckConnection, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionPool.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningObject, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionFactory.TryGetConnection(DbConnection owningConnection, 
TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, DbConnectionOptions userOptions, DbConnectionInternal oldConnection, 
DbConnectionInternal& connection)
   at System.Data.ProviderBase.DbConnectionInternal.TryOpenConnectionInternal(DbConnection 
outerConnection, DbConnectionFactory connectionFactory, TaskCompletionSource`1 retry, 
DbConnectionOptions userOptions)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpenInner(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.TryOpen(TaskCompletionSource`1 retry)
   at System.Data.SqlClient.SqlConnection.Open()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnectImpl()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.InternalConnect()
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at Microsoft.SqlServer.Management.Common.ConnectionManager.Connect()
   at CallSite.Target(Closure , CallSite , Object )
   --- End of inner exception stack trace ---
   at System.Management.Automation.ExceptionHandlingOps.CheckActionPreference(FunctionContext 
funcContext, Exception exception)
   at System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.ActionCallInstruction`2.Run(InterpretedFrame frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   at 
System.Management.Automation.Interpreter.EnterTryCatchFinallyInstruction.Run(InterpretedFrame 
frame)
   --- End of inner exception stack trace --- 
    + CategoryInfo          : InvalidOperation: (:) [], CimException
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : ProviderOperationExecutionFailure
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
 
The SendConfigurationApply function did not succeed.
    + CategoryInfo          : NotSpecified: (root/Microsoft/...gurationManager:String) [], CimExce 
   ption
    + FullyQualifiedErrorId : MI RESULT 1
    + PSComputerName        : localhost
